I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Shopping!
Peppa and George are
going shopping!
Peppa and George like shopping.
George loves
sitting in the trolley.
So does Peppa.
Daddy, can I sit
in the trolley, too?
You're too big
for the trolley, Peppa.
Oh!
But you can help
With the shopping.
Oh, goody!
We've got four things on the list.
Tomatoes, spaghetti,
onions and fruit.
I'll find it all!
This Way!
Peppa and George love shopping.
Peppa, first, We need tomatoes.
Hmmmm! I can see them!
I can see them!
Here are the tomatoes, Mummy.
Well done, Peppa!
One, two, three, four.
Now, put them in the trolley.
I found the tomatoes!
Well done, Peppa. Tomatoes,
that's one thing off the list.
What's next on the list?
Spaghetti!
Pi-getty!
That's right, George,
but it's called spa-ghe-tti.
Pi-getty!
Spaghetti is Peppa and
George's favorite food.
I Wonder Where the spaghetti is?
I can see it! This Way!
Spaghetti! Look, Mummy!
Here's the spaghetti.
Well done, Peppa.
Let's put this spaghetti in the trolley.
Yes, Mummy.
Pi-getty!
George, it's called
spa-ghe-tti.
Pi-getty!
What's next on the list, Peppa?
Crisps!
Crisps are not on the list.
We have plenty of crisps at home,
Peppa.
Have another guess.
Hmmm. I just can't remember.
Can you remember, George?
Dine-Saw!
Dinosaur?
George, there aren't any
dinosaurs in the supermarket!
No, George. The next thing
on the list is onions.
Onions! I remember now!
Here they are!
Well done.
One, two, three, four!
Onions.
Very good.That's nearly
everything on our list.
There's one last thing on the list.
A plant? ls that on the list?
Oh, no, George. The last thing
on the list is fruit.
Oh.
Never mind, George.
You can choose the fruit.
Where is the fruit?
Over there!
There are apples and
oranges and bananas
and a very big melon.
What fruit shall We have, George?
Apples?
Oranges?
Bananas?
A melon!
This is the checkout Where
all the food is paid for.
Tomatoes, spaghetti, onions, melon,
chocolate cake...
Chocolate cake?
Chocolate cake? ls that on the list?
Peppa? Did you put the chocolate
cake in the trolley?
No, Mummy.
George? Did you put the chocolate
cake in the trolley?
No.
Well, I didn't put it in.
Then Who did?
Er... I thought it might be
nice for pudding.
Daddy Pig!
Naughty Daddy!
Sorry! It just looked so delicious.
It does look rather yummy.
Oh, let's pretend it Was on the list.
Chocolate cake.
Hurray!
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
My Birthday Party!
It is Peppa's Birthday.
It is very early in the morning.
It's my birthday!
George! Wake up! It's my birthday!
I'm going to have a party!